add home page features, and several other changes (#49)
greenelab/greenelab.com: research/index.md

redirect_from: /publications
---

> There is an abundance of publicly available data about various biological systems, but the data are often hard to make useful conclusions out of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an abundance of publicly available data measuring various biological systems, but often it remains difficult to draw insight from individual experiments or datasets.
```
